get out yeah you're working on it you
now hit a little bit it some of the
things that you look at right now
did you feel are still things that you
would considers successes in worthwhile
for you coming to you to me so you
mentioned that you taking these classes
you're learning these new things to the
classes in your having to pick up all of
these marketing skills and that's one of
the things that we had talked about did
you use as a measure of the success that
you're having right now it's not so much
sure you're saying you'd love to be able
to support yourself full time you
presented your time with the income that
you make from you to me but there are
other things that you're looking at is
well some of which i think is that
you're learning so tell me a little bit
more about some of these other non
monetary things did you are looking at
that make you feel satisfied with the
progress you've made in with the things
that you're accomplishing right but not
the things that that I started learning
well first of all marketing open up a
whole new dorcas hadn't realized that I
really like that I always thought of
that it is sales right but I always
thought of it is just sales and I didn't
realize how creative you can get with
that because I kept having this big
words sales on top to know my head and I
couldn't get it out of the way and so
doing all these different courses i'm
looking at how different people look at
it and how they presented and how and
then how I will be able to do it and
I've been testing it out the thing is I
did a few other courses that say around
two workshops and everybody else tells
me to do this so that and you have to do
all this millions of things and that's
not really true and so when I see that I
can take a course at a time I can really
develop it or develop the skill or that
marketing area or something like that
I'm beginning to see that I don't have
to go crazy everywhere I can just focus
on one and make it really interesting
and right now so that's what I'm
focusing on right now we're a little bit
more on on trimming down all that
broadcasting but I was doing in I think
ahead in the count on every single thing
yeah you know I think the business of
photography and so that's the funniest
thing because I have stood as what
there's all this right at the beginning
of the class I asked my students who is
your customer and I get this from eighty
percent of my so that everyone is by
customers everyone that wants to buy a
photograph is my customer and you're
doing the same I'm going on
oh well that's not quite as you are
being an instructor of photography
you're also being a student of business
and learning some new skills in in
getting to discover something that you
actually enjoy that you didn't realize
that you would enjoy and we also had
talked about the fact that it's not just
the money that you make directly from
YouTube P
debt contributes to the financial
success that we've had so what are some
of the other things that you have
actually had come your way on account of
the fact that you're able to leverage
you to me in a particularly it was about
my first class I did I think what
everyone or what I've been hearing
probably ninety percent of the teachers
who are new to me I did a very long and
very comprehensive class but I didn't do
it
thinking that it was going to be a
number one sales at all what happened
was I teach private classes and a lot of
people
they need background they need
assignments they need visuals and all
these things and i dont a pull-up or so
when I saw you did I thought whoa I
could use this as my platform this could
be my text books so I created a text
book for my classes so my first class is
not a good example but it's fantastic
from you because it's very comprehensive
and has a lot of information and so my
private students can go there and they
can do all the assignments and it's also
a review of what I teach them so it's
really my textbook and in that sense I
thought it was fun classic and then you
know prices for me and it's working out
very very nice
absolutely that you're using the class
as a resource that helps you with your
one-on-one doing for people and having
that resource enables you to experience
greater success with the one-on-one
teaching that you doing outside view to
me right now is it's not really so much
for that course is selling two through
unity organic and picking up all these
new students there is a tool that you're
able to use for clients who may be you
know days you worked with them
independently of you to me but having
you tammy has made that working
relationship better and it's it's been
really great because they can share it
as well it's been really helpful all
around and I do sell it to them
21 course with me let's say 11 private
one-on-one then instead of them doing
part number two with me they can do it
like that as well so can work both ways
you can works as sales of another class
or it can work just text book and so I
think it's you know we can do quite a
bit with this if we think moro you know
about the different possibilities right
and that's getting into
you how I had kind of pissed this the
people is about the idea of thinking of
the bigger picture and thinking of your
larger goals that you have just about
its not see there's anything wrong with
people setting up their goals and I
talked with Mark Timberlake
she said you have to understand you
approach you to me as a business in your
gonna make clusters of trances and you
need to be serious about this which is a
fine way to do things in a certainly the
way that that I'm doing things as well
and at the same time it's helpful to be
able to hear from other people like you
who are saying like well sure you know
that would be great for that said I mean
come but it doesn't have to be limited
to that that even if it doesn't I can
still utilize it in ways that help me
put the pieces together and it still
plays in soon
part of the larger picture did you have
for the things that you're doing are you
still doing any of the adjunct teaching
at this point know all the Art Institute
online but I'm not driving around doing
stuff strictly online in how are you an
integer experience is with doing stuff
online three universities doing stuff
online through the Art Institute thing
about you to me I don't have much
interaction with the students and they
aren't insisted I have been tracks
weekly interaction with them and I
really like that and I wish there was a
way to do this more with European am
sure there might be a wait maybe I can
think of a way of implementing it I
think that would be really awesome I
think it would be really awesome for the
students as well because I also have
many students asked me you know
assistant interactive classroom just let
you set up a nice tits videos but I'm
present all the time I make a point of
doing you know being present in the
class and posting tips and things like
that but it's not the same as always
you know and it was all I need to think
about that I'm sure there may be a way
of doing you know once a month the video
maybe a blog or something like that
another thinking of how to implement
that into the classes because I think
that's going to make it a lot more
interest in the students have you done
anything are considered anything like a
Facebook group to have as a supplement
to the class I have thought about it and
no I haven't done it yet I have not seen
a group for Facebook and so that's
giving us an idea of the you know this
side of the business here and having
your classes up new did your first class
and as a comprehensive class said she
joined your group pictures of your bread
stories you wanna get better picture I
sent her class so the first course of
this is of course that you're able to
use as your textbook in so is this big
horse so how did things go for you and
you are producing that first course it
was a total disaster because I
understand about still life I thought ok
I know exactly how to play some life to
get a call from entry tonight on someone
and I can do that very question I
thought my videos to light not right so
I just put up some lights I went to I
did what everyone says I have strokes so
obviously we can't film and strokes W
popping up the time of the night club or
something so I just went to Home Depot
and I got one of these delights of very
fearful or I don't know whatever $10 or
less and I use one of my cum was which
was a its shadow mirrorless camera that
had video and I said it up
and I started talking and it was hard
horrible like quality was terrible the
song the song was wonderful course and I
sent it to you to me like I started
doing the investigation that everyone
and I started posting on you to me in
the studio you know help me like a whole
but I think that all the phone